1. Maybe should disable syslog when start capture, since FS is not support MT now;
2. Capture background thread is implemented;
3. Call back routine for ethernet is implemented but not tested;
4. Worker routine of capture is implemented but without testing;
5. Commands in network.c is implemented and maybe OK;

6. Capture function tested and sames OK;

TO-DO:
1. Enable callback in __start_worker routine, by setting flag and callback routine;
2. Implement the stop capture routine, clear flag and the callback routine, should
   consider when to close capture file, since there maybe competition;
3. Test capture function in virtual box;
4. Should use genif's spin lock to protect flag and callback routine;

Procedures of capstop:--OK
1. In shell thread:
   1) Get the genif by it's index(user specified);
   2) Clear genif's flag and call back routine, use spin lock;
   3) The should no capture call back will be invoked;
   4) Send a message to back ground thread:
     MSG ID: MSG_CAPTURE_STOP
     MSG dwParam: the capture management block(from genif);
   5) Release the genif object;

2. In stop_worker routine(runs in capture background thread):
   1) Get the capture management block from dwParam;
   2) Get the save file from management block and close it;
   3) Release the genif object;
   4) Free management block;
   There should not pending pbufs to process, since the stop
   message always later than start than ARRIVAL message, because
   when we clear genif's flag, no farther capturing apply.

20230910:
1. Cap start and stop are all tested and sames OK;
2. The captured file is loaded in wireshark and displays OK, with time all 0;
3. But when ping the virtualbox on PC, exception raise in ip.c(811 line);--done
4. Exit under network with capturing will lead FBL bug;

20230916:
TO-DO:
1. Update the physical router and trouble shooting pppoe issue; --OK
2. Use guide in phone to configure the 304 wireless router to work in bridge mode;
3. Disable syslog before start capturing;
